Could it be your town?
Joe is 15 and lives in Parkville.
When Joe's grandparents first came to Parkville, it was a quiet village.
They had a small house close to fields and hills.
Parkville was near Arnwick, a city with 200,000 people.
People from Parkville moved to Arnwick to find jobs and they needed places to live.
And however, it was expensive to live in the city centre, so the government built flats
outside the centre.
Soon Parkville became part of Arnwick and Arnwick became a city with over a million people.
Joe's family lives in one of those flats.
It is very crowded and rubbish is also a problem.
The small local school in Parkville closed down five years ago, so Joe now has to go to
a school in Arnwick with 2,000 pupils.
It takes an hour to get there by bus.
There is a lot of traffic and pollution.
It is clear that Arnwick needs more schools, buses and hospitals.
It needs fresh air, clean water and better public services.
It also needs more police to protect its people.
But to do all these things, it needs more money.
However, can money help solve all these problems?
Do we need more big cities like this?
In fact, this is just a story, but it describes what is happening all over the world.
Could it be your town someday?